Hmm...
Either way tune in
Tune in
Join Him
Here's the sugar
Between us
Quick
I've always that desert
Now it'sãˆ
E takeaway
as to the Kanda here.
I should have a man like you
like his words to tell him
what he thinks of me.
had it been told like this,
this flower would have bloomed.
But you're no longer my cousin
nor people's poem.
Ask yourself if land is beautiful.
For all you've done,
Inevitably, he will lose his dispositions!
But...
What he said dr scholar oops?
What is it?
I can't hear anything.
I'm so sick of you.
You're so sick of me.
I can't hear you.
Since I broke up with Toto-san and Kakasa,
I've been taking care of you,
and I've been raising you with you.